whereas it is deplorable in the manner
in which the police handled those young
children and indeed action will be taken
against the officers responsible but
what is more disappointing to me is the
fact that we even had to get to that
level why did the police have to get
involved where was the Ministry of lands
where was the luncheon or land
commission why did they not resolve this
problem what were they doing and this
goes too hard to say that what I have
said we will begin to take action
against our own ministers and officials
who fail to take action when they are
supposed to take action why did the
police need to be involved the police
did not need to be involved in that
whole saga why didn't the lands ministry
why didn't the National Land Commission
we have been reading and hearing about
this whole issue since december of last
year why did they not take the necessary
action and this is something that they
must account more than even the police
officers because they are the ones who
should have taken the necessary action
to come and tell us yesterday but the
school belongs to the land why didn't
you tell us that before and do the
necessary paperwork so those two in the
respective ministries will also be held
to account but even as I say that the
headmaster should also answer a couple
of questions how do you well
now your students to go and demolish all
what if that wall fell on those children
what language would we have been
speaking about today I think we all as
Kenyans must begin to take our
responsibility must begin to know but we
all are responsible for the actions that
we take that government ministries do
what they are supposed to do but let us
also recognize that even if we want to
protest we can do it in a civilized
manner we don't have to involve our
children we don't have to expose our
children to danger this is something
that we must also recognize